hey guys it's me
like i haven't i've not used to taking
videos everybody doing that's the first
thing Oh Vince all this works um meeting
the lighting and stuff and I used to
delighting it in this house I probably
been doing other videos in the house i
usually do my videos in the car that's
one of the reason why haven't any makeup
tutorials because I haven't sat down to
see the lighting looks like and I
working like the lighting in the
apartment so I thought it'd make sense
sure that it works and yeah okay so let
me vent cuz I don't get this off my
chest this is what i don't understand i
understand when people i may even in the
camera until I see my head half of it
it's big ol afro okay um someone just
happened did maybe go fight but I didn't
but I did cuss in my head no mine I
cussed out loud and then then I had
nerve to say I'm sorry I cut them up and
I said no I'm not cuz I'm man I said I'm
just being honest being honest okay so
but this is what I don't understand I
don't understand when people at the pool
and then they activated at the pool
seconds later does it quite understand
i'm saying with my wife have you ever
met somebody that want me there one we
mix it and they go completely left and
then about 10-15 minutes later they do i
get like nothing happened and it makes
me go am I crazy am I crazy and I was
not they want to see the Exede and
experience it it was it wasn't
necessarily directed towards me it was
in a way but I
have someone to say so I said something
but I just can't understand it so the
person that they spoke to was like what
just happened I don't know but then that
person told me another somebody came to
me and said Ricci they just said that
nothing happened didn't say you know
what the Bible says in a double minded
man is unstable in all his ways and that
is on saying let me tell you something
there is no reason in the world in my
opinion then you should add the monkey
act a fool and then I like you didn't do
it if you didn't you did it if you were
wrong this is a bad word the person that
act the fool goes wrong and come on they
got the answer didn't know what to do
with it so thank you started acting the
fool looks like me doing this to you
okay say your name so your name is
Sheila right you and I hope to not go
hey sheep baa and then I say well it's
over there on the counter you want
expected me to say was on the counter
because in your mind you made up that I
never brought it wasn't there you got
this whole story can confidence if
little twisted mind but really and truly
what you need is right there so now you
don't know what to say so then I say
after I told you it's over there in the
counter and I answered your question the
way you need to think I'm supposed to
which is looking right way you say the
spaghetti noodles are too hard anything
Waldo ha Danielle spaghetti
nothing that's my point people that have
to fool and don't think i'll make sense
make me crazy I have to figure things
out of my mind you can't just tell me
anything because I say so so when you
say something in you get an answer I
didn't you say this kind of low today
we're talking about forgetting cells I'm
like ha what then I started thinking
again a double mechanism stick with most
ways shut up shut up if you don't have
anything to say right to shut up and
this implies sit once a month women you
know you get hormone you get cramps I'm
guilty of it so don't like it so bad i
used to say the crazy stuff up better
kinda old woman because i'm workin
control of it but i think it was okay
just because i had cramps then I can
talk crazy to people whether it be
someone you love it don't love I said
dear people say stuff to me oh say it
this week oh yeah bring it let's bring
it pops up it's not right it's not okay
it's like an abusive relationship I'm
gonna beat you up and then I'll bring
you these beautiful roses because your
delicate asleep I want delicately
sweeping your whooping me right hours a
week okay so think about what you're
saying what you do cuz people are crazy
because guess what people the entire
them accepting you back after you acted
a fool cuz it's okay with you just
because things are ok with you does not
mean it's okay to be the person and have
enough sense to apologize if you're
wrong just say oh my bad
I'm tripping laugh at yourself under
laugh at yourself because when you keep
going and talking gospel gays and spoons
and this is what happened i'll find an
emo and you're right what the hell are
you talking about you just grab the
conversations from everywhere I think
you're cool and I'm just gonna say it
how we can relate I took it off my mind
addo met my demands on stingl nas wait
wait you feds on single don't be
unstable you're right I feel then I'm
gonna go to the gym now take off makeup
go work out this minutes on the
elliptical try to get my file have a
good weekend god bless you I love you
don't I people talk to you crazy dissect
what people say makes it be a cloud of
what they say oh you said one crazy all
right love you bye